[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: Can you tell from the event
which of the key frames it finished?
>> Rachel Nabors: Good question.
Can you tell from the animation
event in which one of the key frames
blocks just ran?
I'm gonna say there's no
direct way to do that.
However, you might want to double check
me on that one, I might be wrong.
But to my knowledge, no.
You could have to do a little bit of
sniffing to see what the final value is,
but there should be.
If there isn't a way,
there should be a way.
>> Rachel Nabors: I know there
is with the Web Animations API.
So it is possible.
It is physically possible for
the computer to know which one of
the key frames blocks has ended.
With the Web Animations API each
animation set has a special finish or
on finish event which delivers
a promise or a callback respectively.
So it is possible to know
which of those it is.
But good question.
I wish I weren't so
tired I could probably answer it better.
>> Speaker 1: No it's a good answer.
I don't know check it out.
>> Rachel Nabors: Okay fair enough.
There is MDN documentation
if you go to MDN I
think it's .NET It's a great resource for
learning all sorts of things.
I'm currently the person writing all
the Web Animations API documentation but
it has documentation for
all the animation event listeners as well.
It's a good place to get your feet wet.
Other questions?
>> Speaker 3: Those are running here MVM?
>> Rachel Nabors: This is a great chance,
hang on a moment.
Let's do a little plug
>> [MUSIC]
>> Rachel Nabors: So MDO.
>> Speaker 3: MDN I see yeah.
>> Rachel Nabors: MDN
developer.Mozilla.org.
This place, so often abbreviated
MDN from Mozilla Developer Network.
It's really nice compendium,
over in the docs.
You can do a search for
instance animation start, and
it will bring up all of the locations
let's see you got Animation event,
transition event, here we go.
Animation event represents events
providing information related to
animations.
We can get animation event lapse time and
mission.
Check it out.
[CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 3: Just looking.
>> Rachel Nabors: [SOUND] We can
get animation event.animationname.
So we can get a dom string containing
the value of the animation's name so
whatever it's fired, whatever just
fired the animation event animation and
animation iteration it will also deliver
the name of its key frames block so
you could be like hey Tuna only do this.
My God I wanna do it,
I want to actually do it.
I want to but it'll probably crash and
burn and look very embarrassing but
I've been up here looking great all
day and maybe it's time for that.
So what we would do is we'd
put a little check in here
where we'd be like hey, is this?
What's the name of that Tuna walk cycle?
Someone give it to me.
>> Speaker 3: Walk-cycle.
>> Rachel Nabors: Walk-cycle so it would
be like hey this is walk-cycle and
if it is we want to fire this thing.
So we would do something in here that
would be like [SOUND] see animation event,
animation name [CROSSTALK] so
we'd be like hi animation name.
This is how developers do it.
Hi animation name I'm going to
guess that we would do like
a I'm gonna look so
embarrassing, but here we go.
>> Speaker 1: That's great.
>> Rachel Nabors: I'm gonna
guess that we're gonna be like,
please let this be supported in Chrome.
We're I'm gonna be like if the animation
name, it's gonna be an if statement,
if e.animationName ===
"walk-cycle" and then we'd be all like,
and we gotta put parentheses on that, and
then we're gonna be like curly brackets,
this add class sit.
Does it work?
Yes, it works.
We did it.
[APPLAUSE] Wait no.
>> Multiple: [LAUGH]
>> Rachel Nabors: It didn't work.
>> Speaker 1: Actually it's
a little bit lower than that.
>> Rachel Nabors: Little bit lower?
>> Speaker 1: Yeah,
>> Speaker 1: You have to look
in-
>> Speaker 3: AnimationName.
>> Speaker 1: There's original event,
gives you the actual event.
>> Speaker 3: You're looking
at the jQuery interpretation.
>> Speaker 1: When you're passing that in.
>> Rachel Nabors: Okay,
what's original event?
>> Speaker 1: On your
event that got passed in?
>> Rachel Nabors: Yeah.
>> Speaker 1: Okay, it's-
>> Rachel Nabors: It's a jQuery event?
>> Speaker 1: Part of the event-
>> Speaker 3: Right after E.
>> Speaker 1: In a class itself.
>> Rachel Nabors: All right.
>> Speaker 1: Okay, so you have to
get below the actual event class.
So E.original event
with the E capitalized.
>> Rachel Nabors: Wow,
that's something I haven't used before.
Let's see if that works.
My God.
>> Speaker 3: Nice.
JQuery wraps up the original event?
>> Rachel Nabors: That's right.
>> Speaker 3: It's on property.
>> Rachel Nabors: Man.
This is what I get for
just going straight with jQuery.
So, yes, do have to use original
event to get past that jQuery event.
But dang that's how you could do it.
>> Speaker 5: But this is so cool.
>> Rachel Nabors: You could write a tiny
little animation event library to handle
your site's animations and help you
fire animations when they're finished.
It would be really cool.
Well how's that for some live coding?
Nice.
This documentation is new.